Add support for using conda as an environment manager. (#2972)
beeware/briefcase: docs/en/reference/env_management/conda.md

# Environment management with Conda

> Briefcase is able to use [Conda](https://conda.io) to provide Python, and manage the installation of application requirements.

Reviewer: The fact that this mode gets Python from Conda and not from the Briefcase support package should be explicitly mentioned, both here and under the `support_package` / `support_revision` settings.

Author: So... it *does* say that Conda provides Python... but I agree the implication isn't necessarily obvious, and the "negative" should also be mentioned. The cross-reference with support_package etc is also a good idea.

## Prerequisites

Briefcase requires the use of Conda 26.5 or higher.

## Configuration

To use Conda as the environment manager for your app, add `env_manager = "conda"` to your app configuration. This can be done as a global setting (in `[tool.briefcase]` section) or in a per-app setting (in the `[tool.briefcase.app.myapp]` section for `myapp`).

> The Conda environments that are created by Briefcase enable the use of `rattler` resolver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Conda environments that are created by Briefcase are installed using the `rattler` resolver.
```

## Specifying requirements

When `conda` is used as an environment manager, the values provided to `requires` and `test_requires` must be in Conda-compatible format. The following would be examples of legal specifiers:

- Bare package name:
  ```python
  requires = ["pillow"]
  ```

- Fuzzy version match
  ```python
  requires = ["pillow=9.1"]
  ```

- Channel-qualified install
  ```python
  requires = ["conda-forge::pillow"]
  ```

> Conda cannot install packages stored as local source references. If your requirements reference a local path, Briefcase will use `pip` to install that requirement (and it's dependencies) into your Conda environment. The following are examples of paths that would be installed with `pip`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda cannot install packages stored as local source references. If your requirements reference a local path, Briefcase will use `pip` to install that requirement (and its dependencies) into your Conda environment. The following are examples of paths that would be installed with `pip`:
```
